Everyone, let's solve the next problem in this thread, which is three distances one.
And then we'll try three responses to and then company queries and the other problems.
Right.
So all of them are very related to the enemy programming countries.
So let's discuss each one of them.
Look, this is another very interesting problem that I personally like and.
Back to the problems is your task is for your domain for each node the maximum distance to another node.
So a very simple problem, which is that for everybody.
No, just tell me, what is the maximum distance to?
Any other day, for example.
It's take this example and again we have and to to 200 and we will have to have an oil solution that
can only be achieved using one ATP.
So this is an example input which is one, two, one, three, three, 435841.
What is the maximum distance to any of the node?
So it can be four and five.
So the distance is two or to the maximum distance can be add the four or five, which is three but three.
The maximum distance can be two, two which is two, but from four again to and from 5 to 4 one it is
two or two.
It is three, four, three, two, two, four, four, two, three and four, five.
Altered three.
This is what we want in the 3 to 3 feet.
So.
How to approach this.
And we have seen so many different problems right now.
And we know a simple way that we have already discussed, which is the.
There is a maximum lend of current to any lymph node in its subtree.
But now what we want is we don't want this thing which is in its subtree.
Right.
We want it to be in any.
In the completely.
So.
Let me write it.
What is the current?
Answer that is the lent maximum.
Maximum lent.
To any note.
Incomplete.
Basically, it's not just a subtree now.
So if it were if it would have been subtree, then it is very easy for us to solve it because it is
nothing but Jaeger and does nothing work.
Maximum of g x which are child and plus one.
Right.
In logic.
We have seen this already.
That for any node.
If I want to find it in for the subtree, I'll just ask there.
Tell me, what is the maximum distance of this node?
It's.
It's like child do it to some of the lymph nodes in the in its subtree rate and add one to it.
Similarly for this, for all the children, we'll do it right.
These small things should be clear to.
It was clear to everyone, office mate, I'm not iterating over it again.
So this is a very easily understood solution.
But now the problem lies in.
The answer is not only for this subtree of right, because for this tree you can easily see that this
distance of two is not actually from each subtree if I take one of the root naught eight.
The answer comes from some other part.
Basically the answer comes from its parent, right?
That means when we go up before any nor whenever we perform a DFS, we always have this situation which
is parent.
Current Annex eight.
So we are we always have these three drinks with us husband we perform a divas but actually as a child
Carrington parent and this these are the siblings of current and parent might also have some other notes.
I'm just giving you an example that the answer may not be, you know, in the surprise of the current
or hip, the answer might come from one of the.
Siblings of parents also like like by going upwards in their garden.
So how will we solve this?
How will we think about a dining programming solution in this?
The first thing is that there are two parts of this.
So the first I think is very simple, that I can divided into two parts.
The first the first part can be let's find out this g value for the subtree of current because.
It might not always be the answer, but we have to include it in the answer.
Basically, we have to check for the subtree of the current node, right?
So instead of G, let's call it F and it's called G of current the same.
In subtree of current.
So I just write subtree of current rate.
This is very easy for us to begin to apply this logic and we can easily figure out what is the length
in its libraries.
So if we already figured out the land in a subtree, then what we can do is.
Now what we have to do is we have to just find out.
If I if I'm coming from top rate, then what is the maximum length?
This is the tricky part for this case.
What we'll do is.
These are very.
Okay.
So these are very common word which is rerouting or freeze.
But I'm not going much deeper into that.
But you do get an idea of what it is.
But what we'll do is we'll just have an extra variable.
In the deficit will just pass a variable and let's call it distance from parent eight.
And this is very important to understand this.
This will come here and in many of the problems and it's a it's a very small trick as well as it's very
easy to implement.
Right.
You'll see that we will have a very short solution of a problem we will solve.
So just give your best here and try to understand what I'm going to explain this distance.
Parent What I'll do is initially when we start from the route, I'll pass the distance between this.
So what is distance?
Parent So this variable distant parent is nothing but.
Durant.
Durant, then basically when I'm taking it like upwards.
So if I.
Just imagine it this way that I have a patent.
I have a current node and I have x.
What is.
D of x g of x is nothing but the maximum distance to any of the northern subtree of x from x eight.
What is our distance bearing?
So this isn't a thing.
But.
Again, it related to GDP.
Now the point is that GP and does nothing with the maximum distance of.
And ignoring the subtree of parent to parent.
And this time this subtree is like upwards.
Subtree is opposed to current.
Is that right?
No, not in the subtree of, but in when I'm calculating distance waiting.
Don't get confused.
Right.
X is when it's in this subtree of x leg downwards.
But this distance parent is the same value is grading.
But when I'm taking it upwards, it basically if we didn't, if this parent would have become this giant
node of the current node, that is the value of due parent or distance feeding.
Okay, so.
We'll just assume that parent is not the child nor of the current.
Of course, while performing the defense will perform anomaly of rate that X is not equal to being performed
if is downwards, but we just keep an extra variable which will keep track of this value which is different.
So let's see, how will we keep track of this value?
So.
Before moving forward.
What we'll do is.
Yeah.
Let me quickly find out the g x value for every note eight so that I will really be using that in this
transparent.
And it's slightly tricky to explain, but you will get it eventually.
But let's find out the g of putting in all these notes rated for this.
You have gotten one subtree of the particular note.
What is the maximum gap is zero zero.
This is one, this is two and this is one eight.
So in this are three of one.
What is the maximum distance from one to any other?
Note This is what do you guarantees and we can easily calculated even in the code we can just write
a normal DFS function and have this work for us.
Eight.
So.
Yeah.
Well, so right now I'm just getting ready currently.
Now, let's just imagine that.
One.
I'm like, I'll just write that down, which is indeed shooting off trees.
It is.
This question is slightly a mixture of the usual thing of reason dynamic programming.
Right.
But it's very easy.
This rerouting of trees comes in handy.
Very handy.
And yeah, you'll easily understand what I mean from this.
So let's start from the first note.
Right.
So initially what we say is, what is the emulator, their parent node?
And the period before the Korean War one, the period is minus one.
And I will just pause one more variable called distance parent.
Like the value of distance between that means the maximum value the parent can reach upwards to any
of its siblings or anywhere in the above tree.
And we will quickly form little value also.
Right?
So initial pass distance between to be minus one.
That means the parent is not there.
The distance, but it is minus one.
Well.
Before this.
The current is one where it is minus one and distance it is minus one.
Correct.
So now let's move to this two.
Right.
And let's have move to the to the DFS this come to.
Now, the most important thing is now we have to imagine that when I'm going to do the current becomes
two, the pairing becomes one and what is the value of distance pairing?
Now, this is a most important concept that we want because eventually in the end, what we want is
we wanted a fourth current will be nothing will equal to.
Maximum of.
Plus one.
This is very easy to understand the is nothing but the children notes and the additions to the leave
notes plus one will be considered for all the notes in the subject.
But what about those notes which are not in this subtree of it?
So where will that come from?
That will come from distance parent.
What is this inspiring?
This from the parent to all the above three means to the tree with this complement of this object eight.
So that means if I am talking about subtree of tree, which is this and what is a complement of subtree
of tree which is pointing to it.
There might be other nodes also, right?
For example, if I'm talking about subtree of two, that is only two.
But what is complement of two?
It is.
This one, three, four and five this distance.
But it will just store the value.
Same as the.
But for the complementarity.
They.
Well, no.
Let me quickly also explain this one more time, because I think this is necessary to understand.
Yeah.
So let's add this this period.
This is the Korean War, which we are on in the DFS.
This is the X node.
This can be either child nodes, let's call it X dash, x double dash.
And from parent, we can have multiple other three alternate, which is upwards somewhere.
So we don't have to think about doing.
We just we just worry about.
Parent got into next and will perform this for all the other nodes.
Right.
But this can be.
I'm y, I'm Z, some e, some B, so the g x will get the x dish will get g, x will get the this.
This is very easy to obtain by using a normal recursion that we've already discussed.
And now we want distance between which is nothing but.
This.
That means from this period, if I go upwards to the whole tree, then what is the value of the distance?
What is the.
A maximum value from this period if I go upwards to the tree.
So that is what?
Distance bearing in growth rate?
No.
Just imagine.
Yeah.
Well, let's understand this by changing this date in order to.
So what I'll do is I'll just imagine it like this.
Um, yeah, I think I have to make one more acronym here, and that will be very interesting.
But let's see.
Okay.
Sorry.
The diagram that will be very interesting just lets it.
Currently I'm on this patent might be offices on this patent eight and that's basically is my current
currently rate and its patents period was said.
It's moderate as it is.
And so it will be it's one of its style because, you know, there's only one period when every performer,
two of us, we will be it's under the child this.
I didn't know.
Great.
Okay.
Yeah.
This current node will be kind of X to this particular building, which I'm on currently right now,
and I will have one more child for it, which is right.
And finally, this x will have this x dash, x double edge and maybe extra polish.
So these and these are the same structure.
It's just that I'm I'm just trying to explain that.
Let's see, I'm currently on this particular node of my treat.
And when I'm on this particular node of this tree and just imagine that I have the right value of distance
variant that is coming from top whatever is the value that means the minimum of the, you know, sorry,
the, the maximum value of any node to this particular that in the about tree it's I'm getting the current
value of it right.
How do I pass this value, this distance bearing value, do X when I perform this DFS on it.
Basically what I mean is right now I have some distance where in value I want to pass this value to
this tree.
That means.
I performative is not a distance, but interchange.
Right.
This.
Let's call it new.
Distance parent.
So this problem is slightly tricky, but I'm just trying my best to make you understand this.
But can you think of something that a void will be this new distance per value?
What should be this new distance be a value when we already have this distance parent value coming to
this note.
Why should it pass to this particular X when it is performing a difference?
Or how should it pass?
So the first thing that comes to mind is that new distant means from this current node.
And in this subtree that and in this tree.
Right, which is this tree except the x eight.
I want to find out basically district eight I want to find out what is the minimum value that of what
is that.
Distance eight.
How do I find it out?
Well, as you can easily see, this new distance parent liquidated.
Your distance period is nothing.
But it can be what is already coming from its parent, which is this value less.
One because I made this one transition.
So from current it will be distance, but it will.
It can be this eight.
The second thing can be that it can be any values which is coming from E B or V eight.
So how will I know?
What is the maximum distance from E to its any of the lymph nodes in its subtree to be any other the
not any subtree from y to any of the nodes in its subtree because here you can see right now a B in
VI are actually child of current eight so.
You know, did we?
We already have the developer, we already have the DB value and we already have d d y value.
So what is d d is what we already discussed.
That is the maximum land in the subtree of the current.
But if I already have these values, can I use this devalues to create the new, distant new distance
between value.
That will be positivity rate.
So for this particular note, the first thing is whatever it is getting from its parent plus one, which
is distance between plus one.
The second thing is, whatever it is getting from this subtree is the maximum of them +182.
Basically varieties maximum of g.
E by my g b gamma d.
88.
And instead of that, what I can say is maximum of the child.
Not.
Basically, what what are the titles of this period?
It is.
It is VI, but it is not that that is the end of it.
But whatever it is getting from Oxford and Bousman and whatever it is getting from its side, we just
didn't get it because we can only come from one being in eight.
All the other nodes attached to it are actually state it.
So whatever it is getting from all of these souls.
Plus one will be sent to its next site as the new distance parent value state.
Similarly, the same thing will happen for E also and for B also.
For example, let me mock the same thing over here.
Let's see.
From this current, I'm moving towards E!
It's a from the current I'm moving towards say now my DFS is on the right so I'm performing the Davis's
on the for this particular.
We are getting distance between from there that remains constant.
That will not change the what is the value of new distance breeding.
It will be nothing but.
What ever I'm getting the D.
Value that is DB from ADX Ramadi.
What that means, what extended the shorter distance of for one of its leave not in this arbitrary or
be moral deliverance of train provided one of the leading meanings of whatever is a maximum for them.
I will be sent.
I will send it.
Well, you do it.
Because that's what we are trying to understand later.
The only key is that we are trying to understand is how to create the new distance, speed and value
that needs to be sent downwards.
So just think of the solution in this one.
We have a parent.
We have a current.
We have an ex.
So we already have distance waiting.
When I'm moving from that point into some career note, I want to formulate new distance, but it will
be distance between plus one or the DB duvet maximum of whatever they have plus one.
And yeah, so that's a pretty easy solution.
And finally, what any note, what I need or what will be the final answers?
The final answers we will discuss it is nothing but and all the displacement and what is the distance
between it is coming from its speed and near the maximum distance of any note from the parent of it.
It is coming from the parent of it.
So I just take that value plus one that night.
So the x plus one, our distance between one plus one will be F of current.
It is finally we want to print it.
So before moving forward, I just want you to understand this part again.
I won't explain it, but please try to understand this thing that I did.
I just did hear about this particular variable.
If I'm if I'm already having some good value, then what is the new value that it will be when I bossert
downwards?
Because when you bring a policy downwards, then the siblings or sorry the siblings of the current node
which are E which are B, which are why they will become in the other subtree.
So I have to take their maximum values from the early node, whatever the max they have from their lymph
node.
This tell me that.
And from there I know that I'm getting distance, but it's already late.
The distance between plus one I will reach to this better node or whatever plus one or db plus one or
g y plus one, whatever the mix of them I will use for this note eight and I'll simply pass it downward.
And I, I'll keep doing this for other nodes as well and will finally formulate the answer later in
the next where will call it step by step eight.
Those in the next foot.